{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh11340\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The implementation of this assignment was done using Python 3.6\
You would need to import csv, pandas, numpy and pprint before you execute the main file.\
\
This folder contains the following items-\
\
1
\b . Notes_Join&Agrr\

\b0 This is a pdf file that contains notes for joins and aggregate functions along with the SQL query for the same.\
\

\b 2. Dataset files\

\b0 \
There are two kinds of dataset files-:\
\
 Table1.csv and Table2.csv contains 5 rows and 5 columns and is used for testing purpose while building this code.(Saved inside Test_dataset)\
ratings_small.csv and tags.csv are the two main csv files used for testing this code with. ratings.csv contains 1200 records while tags.csv  also contains 1200 records approximately. These csv files are taken from movielens.com.(saved inside Actual_dataset)\
\

\b 3. main.py\
\

\b0  This is the main file that implements two kinds of joins along with one aggregate function. This code is written as user specific so the user needs to enter based on what he/she wants to do. Note-There user entries are strictly option based so entering wrong input might prompt the code to ask for input again or it might end the execution based on where you are at that point of time.\
\
First part of the code implements joins,  Natural and Left Inner join along with Inner join for reference. My code uses Inner join results to formulate left inner join.\
\
Second part of the code implements the aggregate function count() which counts the frequency of each entity on a column and returns the value.\
\
\

\b 4. Instruction to run the program\

\b0 \
A. To run this code using terminal, download the zip folder, unzip it, go the folder where you have saved it and then run 
\b \ul python main.py
\b0 \ulnone  to execute the code.\
\
B. You can also run this code using Pycharm. Just load the folder and run main.py\
\

\b 5. Outputs\

\b0 The outputs are logged separately to a .csv file as well apartment from displaying it on the screen. The names of the csv file are self explanatory to know which file contains what.\
\
NaturalJoin.csv \
InnerJoin.csv\
LeftInnerJoin.csv\
aggCount_T1.csv\
aggCount_T2.csv\
\
The output folder contains two sub folders containing the above 5 files for Table1,Table2.csv or ratings, tags.csv\
\
NOTE- Since I have used a data frame to show the results, ignore column one which shows the index values.}